AllStruct aaa
BlockStruct aab
BlockType aac
m_btBlockTypes aad
FileHeaderBlock aae
m_fhbFileHeader aaf
PageSegHeaderStruct aag
m_pshPageSegHeader aah
DataSegHeader aai
m_dshDataSegHeader aaj
PageExtentMapStruct aak
m_pemPageExtentMap aal
HeapDataBlock aam
m_hdbHeapData aan
LobDataBlock aao
m_ldbLobData aap
CompressDataBlock aaq
m_cdbCompressData aar
IndexBlock aas
m_ibIndex aat
IOTBlock aau
m_iotbIOT aav
LobIndexBlock aaw
m_libLobIndex aax
NumberStruct aay
m_nsNumber aaz
DateTimeStruct aba
m_dtsDate abb
m_dtsDateTime abc
IntervalDayStruct abd
m_idsIntervalDay abe
IntervalYearStruct abf
m_iysIntervalYear abg
RowidStruct abh
m_rsRowid abi
AnyDataStruct abj
m_adsAnyData abk
LobStruct abl
m_lsBLob abm
m_lsCLob abn
BfileStruct abo
m_bfsBfile abp
RawStruct abq
m_rsRaw abr
TabStruct abs
m_tsTab abt
ObjStruct abu
m_osObj abv
IcolStruct abw
m_isIcol abx
IndStruct aby
m_isInd abz
ColStruct aca
m_csCol acb
SourceStruct acc
m_ssSource acd
LobSStruct ace
m_lssLob acf
ViewsStruct acg
m_vsViews ach
LogInfo aci
m_liLogInfo acj
NewBlockType ack
bTypeCode acl
strTypeString acm
m_bTypeCode acn
m_strTypeString aco
ByteStruct acp
NewByteStruct acq
iStartIndex acr
iLength acs
m_iStartIndex act
m_iLength acu
BaseBlock acv
NewBaseBlock acw
m_bsBlockType acx
m_bsRDBA acy
NewFileHeaderBlock acz
m_bsFileID ada
NewPageSegHeaderStruct adb
m_bsTotalExtentNum adc
m_bsTotalBlockNum add
m_bsMapExtentNum ade
m_bsNextMapDBA adf
m_bsObjectID adg
m_bsNextExtentDBA adh
m_bsNextExtentLen adi
NewDataSegHeader adj
NewPageExtentMapStruct adk
m_bTypeCode2 adl
DataBlockStruct adm
NewDataBlockStruct adn
m_iDataFlag ado
m_iIndexFlag adp
m_bsDataType adq
m_iHeaderLen adr
m_iITLLen ads
m_bsITC adt
m_iPageCharacterLen adu
m_bsFlag adv
m_iFlagC adw
m_bsOffset adx
m_iDeleteRowoffset ady
m_iValueOff adz
NewHeapDataBlock aea
m_bsNtab aeb
m_bsNrow aec
m_bsRowOffset aed
m_bsiOff aee
m_bsiRow aef
m_bsFB aeg
m_iFBK aeh
m_iFBC aei
m_iFBH aej
m_iFBD aek
m_iFBF ael
m_iFBL aem
m_iFBP aen
m_iFBN aeo
m_bsNcol aep
m_bsDataLen aeq
m_bsDataValue aer
m_iRowHeaderLen aes
m_bsHrid aet
m_bsHRowIndex aeu
m_bsNrid aev
m_bsNRowIndex aew
m_bsPK aex
m_bsNK aey
m_bsCKI aez
m_iNullValue afa
m_iNullLen afb
m_iLongRowCharacter afc
m_iLongRowLen afd
m_iNormalLen afe
NewLobDataBlock aff
m_iHeadLen afg
m_iTailLen afh
m_bsHeader afi
m_bsTail afj
m_bsValue afk
m_iLobTypeBlob afl
m_iLobTypeClob afm
m_iLobTypeNClob afn
NewCompressDataBlock afo
m_bsFclsNum afp
m_bsPermNum afq
m_bsFcls9ir2 afr
m_bsPerm9ir2 afs
m_bsMulticolNum aft
m_bsComcolNum afu
m_bsIssymmark afv
m_bsRefcoln afw
m_bsColref afx
m_iRefToSymMark afy
m_iZipMark afz
m_iUnzipLongColNumMark aga
m_iUnzipLongColNumLen agb
m_bsRefcolLen agc
m_iRefcolLenZero agd
m_iUnzipColNumMax age
m_iDataLenMax agf
m_iLongDataLen agg
m_iDataLen agh
m_iNormalDataLen agi
m_iRefoff agj
NewIndexBlock agk
m_bsKdxcoopc agl
m_bsKdxconro agm
m_bsKdxledsz agn
m_iKdxcoopcIOT ago
m_iIndexFlagIOT agp
m_iIndexFlagLocalIndex agq
m_iIndexFlagClusterIndex agr
m_iIndexFlagGlobalIndex ags
m_iIndexFlagLobIndex agt
NewIOTBlock agu
m_bsIndcol agv
NewLobIndexBlock agw
m_bsLobIDLen agx
m_bsLobID agy
m_bsLobIndexLen agz
m_bsLobIndex aha
m_bsLobRdba ahb
NewRawStruct ahc
m_bsStart ahd
NewNumberStruct ahe
m_iZeroLen ahf
m_iZeroVal ahg
m_bsNegSymbol ahh
m_iNegValue ahi
m_iPosIntMin ahj
m_iPosIntMax ahk
m_iNagIntMin ahl
m_iNagIntMax ahm
m_iPosIntZero ahn
m_iNegIntZero aho
m_bsIntLen ahp
m_iPosDecimalMin ahq
m_iPosDecimalMax ahr
m_iNagDecimalMin ahs
m_iNagDecimalMax aht
m_iPosDecimalZero ahu
m_iNegDecimalZero ahv
m_bsDecimal ahw
NewDateTimeStruct ahx
m_iLength2 ahy
m_iYearZero ahz
m_iCenturyMin aia
m_iCenturyMax aib
m_bsCentury aic
m_iMinCenYearMin aid
m_iMinCenYearMax aie
m_iPosYearMin aif
m_iPosYearMax aig
m_iNagYearMin aih
m_iNagYearMax aii
m_bsYear aij
m_iDayZero aik
m_bsMonth ail
m_iMonthMin aim
m_iMonthMax ain
m_bsDay aio
m_iDayMin aip
m_iDayMax aiq
m_iSecondZero air
m_bsHour ais
m_iHourMin ait
m_iHourMax aiu
m_bsMinite aiv
m_iMiniteMin aiw
m_iMiniteMax aix
m_bsSecond aiy
m_iSecondMin aiz
m_iSecondMax aja
m_lMiniSecZero ajb
m_bsMiniSecond ajc
NewIntervalDayStruct ajd
m_strNegative aje
m_strPositive ajf
m_iPosDayZero ajg
m_iNegDayZero ajh
m_iNagDayZero aji
m_iPosDayMin ajj
m_iPosDayMax ajk
m_iNagDayMin ajl
m_iNagDayMax ajm
m_iPosHourMin ajn
m_iPosHourMax ajo
m_iNagHourMin ajp
m_iNagHourMax ajq
m_iPosSecondMin ajr
m_iPosSecondMax ajs
m_iNagSecondMin ajt
m_iNagSecondMax aju
m_lMiniSecMin ajv
m_lMiniSecMax ajw
NewIntervalYearStruct ajx
m_iPosYearZero ajy
m_iNegYearZero ajz
m_iNagYearZero aka
m_iMonthZero akb
m_iPosMonthMin akc
m_iPosMonthMax akd
m_iNagMonthMin ake
m_iNagMonthMax akf
NewRowidStruct akg
m_bsDBA akh
m_bsRowIndex aki
NewAnyDataStruct akj
m_strHeader akk
NewLobStruct akl
m_iInRowLen akm
m_bsValueType akn
m_bsValueLen ako
m_iEmptyValue akp
m_iInRowValue akq
m_iFlagBlob akr
m_iFlagClob aks
NewBfileStruct akt
m_bsDirLen aku
m_bsDirName akv
m_bsFileLen akw
m_bsFileName akx
NewTabStruct aky
m_iObjectIDIndex akz
m_iDataObjectIDIndex ala
m_iTablespaceIDIndex alb
m_iFileIDIndex alc
m_iTabDataIndexIndex ald
m_iColNumIndex ale
NewObjStruct alf
m_iUserIDIndex alg
m_iObjectNameIndex alh
m_iTypeIndex ali
NewIcolStruct alj
m_iTableIDIndex alk
m_iIntcolIndex all
m_iPositionIndex alm
NewIndStruct aln
m_iPropertyIndex alo
NewColStruct alp
m_iDefinedIndexIndex alq
m_iColumnIndexIndex alr
m_iColumnNameIndex als
m_iDataTypeIndex alt
m_iColLengthIndex alu
m_iPrecisionIndex alv
m_iScaleIndex alw
m_iIncolIndex alx
m_iDefaultIndex aly
m_iCharSetFormIndex alz
m_iNullableIndex ama
NewSourceStruct amb
m_iLineIndex amc
m_iTextIndex amd
NewLobSStruct ame
lob amf
m_iTableObjectIDIndex amg
m_iIndexObjectIDIndex amh
NewViewsStruct ami
DataObjInfo amj
m_iDataObjectID amk
m_iDataTabIndex aml
m_doiUser amm
m_doiTab amn
m_doiObj amo
m_doiCol amp
m_doiSource amq
m_doiInd amr
m_doiIcol ams
m_doiLob amt
NewLogInfo amu
m_strBeginDetect amv
m_strEndDetect amw
m_strBeginGenIndex amx
m_strEndGenIndex amy
m_strBeginGenSource amz
m_strEndGenSource ana
m_strBeginDulData anb
m_strEndDulData anc
